Update authentication mechanism related docs (#1277)
google/knative-gcp: docs/install/pubsub-service-account.md

Workload Identity see
[here](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity).

**_Note:_** 
1. If you install the Knative-GCP Constructs with v0.14.0 or older
release, please use option 2.  
2. `spec.googleServiceAccount` in v0.14.0 is deprecated for security
implications. It has not been promoted to v1beta1 and is expected to be removed
from v1alpha1 in the v0.16.0 release. Instead, `spec.serviceAccountName` has
been introduced for Workload Identity in v0.15.0, whose value is a Kubernetes
Service Account.

There are two scenarios to leverage Workload Identity for resources in the Data Plane:
* ***Non-default scenario:***

    Using the Google Cloud Service Account `cre-pubsub` you just created and checking
[Option 1 (Recommended): Workload Identity](../install/authentication-mechanisms-gcp.md/#option-1-recommended-workload-identity)
in
[Authentication Mechanism for GCP](../install/authentication-mechanisms-gcp.md)
to configure Workload Identity in the namespace your resources will reside.

    You will have a Kubernetes Service Account after the above configuration, which

> is bound to the Google Cloud Service Account `cre-pubsub`. Remember to put
> this Kubernetes Service Account name under `spec.serviceAccountName` when you
> follow
> [example](https://github.com/google/knative-gcp/tree/master/docs/examples) to
> use resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is bound to the Google Cloud Service Account `cre-pubsub`. Remember to put
this Kubernetes Service Account name as the `spec.serviceAccountName` when you
create resources in the 
[examples](https://github.com/google/knative-gcp/tree/master/docs/examples).
```

* ***Default scenario:***
    

>     Instead of manually configuring Workload Identity with [Authentication Mechanism for GCP](../install/authentication-mechanisms-gcp.md), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of manually configuring Workload Identity with [Authentication Mechanism for GCP](../install/authentication-mechanisms-gcp.md), 
```

    you can authorize the Controller to configure Workload Identity for you.
    

>     You need to grant `iam.serviceAccountAdmin` permission of the Google Cloud Service Account `cre-pubsub` you just created to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to grant `iam.serviceAccountAdmin` permission of the Google Cloud Service Account `cre-pubsub` you just created to 
```

    the Control Plane's Google Cloud Service Account `cloud-run-events` by:
    
   ```shell
   gcloud iam service-accounts add-iam-policy-binding \
    cre-pubsub@$PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com  \
    --member='serviceAccount:cloud-run-events@$PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com' \
    --role='roles/iam.serviceAccountAdmin'
   ```
  
  Then, modify `clusterDefaults` in ConfigMap `config-gcp-auth`.
  
  You can directly edit the ConfigMap by:
  
  ```shell
  kubectl edit configmap config-gcp-auth -n cloud-run-events
  ```
  and replace the `clusterDefaults` part with: 
  
  ```shell
      clusterDefaults:
        workloadIdentityMapping:
          default-cre-pubsub: cre-pubsub@$PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com
  ```
  

>   Here, `default-cre-pubsub` refers to a Kubernetes Service Account bound to the Google Cloud Service Account `cre-pubsub`. 
>   Remember to put
>   `default-cre-pubsub` under `spec.serviceAccountName` when you
>   follow
>   [example](https://github.com/google/knative-gcp/tree/master/docs/examples) to
>   use resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `default-cre-pubsub` refers to a Kubernetes Service Account bound to the Google Cloud Service Account `cre-pubsub`. Remember to put `default-cre-pubsub` as the `spec.serviceAccountName` when you
create resources in the 
[examples](https://github.com/google/knative-gcp/tree/master/docs/examples).
```

  
  Kubernetes Service Account `default-cre-pubsub` doesn't need to exist in a specific namespace. 
  Once it is set in the ConfigMap `config-gcp-auth`,

>   the Control Plane will create it for you and configure corresponding Workload Identity relationship between `default-cre-pubsub` 
>   and `cre-pubsub` when you create resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the Control Plane will create it for you and configure the corresponding Workload Identity relationship between the Kubernetes Service Account `default-cre-pubsub` 
  and the Google Service Account`cre-pubsub` when you create resources using the Kubernetes Service Account `default-cre-pubsub`.
```

  
  ***Note:*** The Controller currently doesn’t perform any access control checks, as a result, any user who can create a resource 
    can get access to the Google Cloud Service Account which grants the `iam.serviceAccountAdmin` permission to the Controller.

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
As an example, if you followed the instructions above, then any user that can make a Knative-GCP source or Channel (e.g. `CloudAuditLogsSource`, `CloudPubSubSource`, etc.) can cause the Kubernetes Service Account `default-cre-pubsub` to be created. If they can also create Pods in that namespace, then they can make a Pod that uses the Google Service Account `cre-pubsub` credentials.

```
